Restructure the Queries Get Started Guide (#4596)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/get-started/work-with-data-using-queries-in-ballerina.md

Ballerina has first-class support for writing SQL-like queries to process data. Language-integrated queries can process any Ballerina iterable.

## Set up the prerequisites

> To run this guide, you need the following prerequisites:

Reviewer: Is it correct to say run here? How about follow or similar wording?

Author: @dakshitha - WDYT?

Author: Will be fixed via https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/4696.

### Update the `main` function for sorting

To call the `findCountriesByHighestNoOfDeaths` function from within the `main` function to find the top three countries by the number of deaths, add the code below to the `main` function of the `main.bal` file.

```ballerina
    [string, decimal][] countriesWithDeaths = findCountriesByHighestNoOfDeaths(covidTable, 3);
    io:println("Countries with highest deaths:", countriesWithDeaths);
```

## The completed code for sorting

Below is the complete code for the sorting function.

```ballerina
public function filterCountriesByCases(table<CovidEntry> dataTable, decimal noOfCases) returns string[] {
    string[] filteredCountries = from CovidEntry entry in dataTable
        where entry.cases > noOfCases
        select entry.country;
    return filteredCountries;
}

public function findCountriesByHighestNoOfDeaths(table<CovidEntry> dataTable, int n) returns [string, decimal][] {
    [string, decimal][] countriesWithDeaths = from CovidEntry entry in dataTable
        order by entry.deaths descending
        limit n
        select [entry.country, entry.deaths];
    return countriesWithDeaths;
}

> 

Reviewer: This is the only part related to sorting. Can we highlight this part only and say, below is the complete code after adding the sorting logic which is highlighted.?

Author: Fixed.

    io:println("Countries with number of Recovered patients:", countriesWithRecovered);
```

## The completed code for joining

Below is the complete code for the joining function.

```ballerina
public function filterCountriesByCases(table<CovidEntry> dataTable, decimal noOfCases) returns string[] {
    string[] filteredCountries = from CovidEntry entry in dataTable
        where entry.cases > noOfCases
        select entry.country;
    return filteredCountries;
}

public function findCountriesByHighestNoOfDeaths(table<CovidEntry> dataTable, int n) returns [string, decimal][] {
    [string, decimal][] countriesWithDeaths = from CovidEntry entry in dataTable
        order by entry.deaths descending
        limit n
        select [entry.country, entry.deaths];
    return countriesWithDeaths;
}

public function findRecoveredPatientsOfCountries(table<CovidEntry> dataTable, string[] countries) returns [string, decimal][] {
    [string, decimal][] countriesWithRecovered = from CovidEntry entry in dataTable
        join string country in countries on entry.country equals country
        select [entry.country, entry.recovered];
    return countriesWithRecovered;

> }

Reviewer: Commen in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/4596/files#r917536655 applies to here also

    }
}
```

In this code:
- If there is any record in which the number of reported `cases` is not equal to the sum of `recovered`, `active`, and `deaths`, this function will print it.
- Here, you use the `sum` variable to hold the results of intermediate calculations in the query expression. 

>**Note:** Even though this particular example uses a separate variable to demonstrate the usage of the `let` clause, you can do the calculations inline from within the `where` clause also.

### Update the `main` function for finding

To call the `findRecoveredPatientsOfCountries` function at the end to get the number of recovered patients, add the code below to the `main` function of the `main.bal` file. 

```ballerina
printErroneousData(covidTable);
```

## The completed code for finding

> Below is the complete code for the finding function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the complete code after adding the finding function.
```
We can also say like that and highlight the newly added logic. wdyt?

Author: Fixed.
